README.md, before:

### Fake-SNS
Docker image for the fake_sns gem. Currently uses a forked copy of the gem, as development has stagnated, and a bug, which is critical for dockerization, is still outstanding. See: [pull request](https://github.com/yourkarma/fake_sns/pull/5)

* This is a fork of [feathj/fake-sns](https://hub.docker.com/r/feathj/fake-sns/) and includes awscli in the container to easily manipulate SNS topics from CLI.

##### Features
Works off of forked copy of original gem to allow proper dockerization
Uses thin as webserver to prevent reverse dns lookup (causing big slowdowns)
Exposes fake_sns database to "/messages/sns" VOLUME for file based verification

##### Running
`$ docker run -it -p 9292:9292 seayou/fake-sns`

Note that VIRTUAL_HOST environment variable can be added if run with dinghy client
`$ docker run -it -p 9292:9292 -e VIRTUAL_HOST=sns.docker seayou/fake-sns`

Or from docker-compose.yml:

```yaml
sns:
  image: seayou/fake-sns
  ports:
    - "9292:9292"
  environment:
    VIRTUAL_HOST: "sns.docker"
```

##### Getting started

Creating topics are easy with awscli, just run:

```sh
$ docker exec <CONTAINER_ID> bash -c "AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=fake AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=fake AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=fake aws --endpoint-url http://localhost:9292 sns create-topic --output text --name <TOPIC_NAME>"
```

The following ruby code can be used to verify that the container is running properly

```ruby
require 'aws-sdk'
require 'aws-sdk-core'
require 'aws-sdk-resources'
require 'aws-sdk-v1'

AWS.config(
  use_ssl: false,
  sns_endpoint: 'sns.docker',
  sns_port: 9292
)

sns = AWS::SNS::Client.new(
  access_key_id: '',
  secret_access_key: ''
)

t = sns.create_topic(name: 'testTopic')
resp = sns.publish(topic_arn: t.topic_arn, message: '{test: true}', message_structure: 'json')
puts resp
```

Commit message:

Note that this one uses Alpine

README.md, after:

### Fake-SNS
Docker image for the fake_sns gem. Currently uses a forked copy of the gem, as development has stagnated, and a bug, which is critical for dockerization, is still outstanding. See: [pull request](https://github.com/yourkarma/fake_sns/pull/5)

* This is a fork of [feathj/fake-sns](https://hub.docker.com/r/feathj/fake-sns/) and includes awscli in the container to easily manipulate SNS topics from CLI.
  The image is using Alpine linux, making it's size around 90 MB instead of the original 278 MB.

##### Features
Works off of forked copy of original gem to allow proper dockerization
Uses thin as webserver to prevent reverse dns lookup (causing big slowdowns)
Exposes fake_sns database to "/messages/sns" VOLUME for file based verification

##### Running
`$ docker run -it -p 9292:9292 seayou/fake-sns`

Note that VIRTUAL_HOST environment variable can be added if run with dinghy client
`$ docker run -it -p 9292:9292 -e VIRTUAL_HOST=sns.docker seayou/fake-sns`

Or from docker-compose.yml:

```yaml
sns:
  image: seayou/fake-sns
  ports:
    - "9292:9292"
  environment:
    VIRTUAL_HOST: "sns.docker"
```

##### Getting started

Creating topics are easy with awscli, just run:

```sh
$ docker exec <CONTAINER_ID> bash -c "AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=fake AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=fake AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=fake aws --endpoint-url http://localhost:9292 sns create-topic --output text --name <TOPIC_NAME>"
```

The following ruby code can be used to verify that the container is running properly

```ruby
require 'aws-sdk'
require 'aws-sdk-core'
require 'aws-sdk-resources'
require 'aws-sdk-v1'

AWS.config(
  use_ssl: false,
  sns_endpoint: 'sns.docker',
  sns_port: 9292
)

sns = AWS::SNS::Client.new(
  access_key_id: '',
  secret_access_key: ''
)

t = sns.create_topic(name: 'testTopic')
resp = sns.publish(topic_arn: t.topic_arn, message: '{test: true}', message_structure: 'json')
puts resp
```
